fix: add tests for batch ops & specifying null removes field in the update (#513)
grafbase/grafbase: cli/changelog/0.27.0.md

### Features

- Add create and update batch operations `postCreateMany` and `postUpdateMany`.

### Bug fixes

> - For update mutation, like `postUpdate`, nullable fields can now be set to `null`. Previously, those update
>   would be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For update mutations, like `postUpdate`, nullable fields can now be set to `null`. Previously, those updates
  would be ignored.
```
